the classic season is over
there were three wins in a true classic
the next round of others tom bean and president per individual studying in
Paris tours excellently done
that the Christmas nothing spot but the day of the round of Lombardy is the
Most important points
London Anp Madonna del Ghisallo
in the one-day rates
are the Belgians
better chances were two three years ago
bean is also still standing
these mountains completely made the connection that they are doing
and now you come up with ten first generation with the new van avermaet with one
roelandts and perhaps a reduced one later
I think it will be very strong for the next five years
there will be a definite appearance
this season started on some nice in goal
recovers
this fireworks
instinctively exceptionally strong
that can mean
and that horse dogs happen
I don't think China will be the biggest engine
but i think there is a line to put through
this time the first one hit as much as the absolute in the air
strong doubts that this can result in the round of flanders and in after one
pass the broker can put that to the taxes for the murder anyway
is larger
and we will meet someone in the lap of his own team next year
a larger engine absolutely certain
that is van van adema's
You should also not forget that there is a headline to say that
that the standards are go-getter
and that is on a late bloomer in other words it still has a lot of energy
in his garden that is still looking for interests
who thought it was as with Tom Boonen
I was pretty wrong
nevertheless I think that the size of all sporting indoor tom beans at
tom boonen became the highest number of matches and we all know
competitions therefore a very high level
Beans in Paris despite treme pressure m
actually did that in a very clever way
he masters that competition from start to finish
residents also meet teammate
this year it was shown that he can finally realize the ambitions
I am especially pleased that a third preliminary round has come up
that one then known by the Norwegian to the amateurs
was unable to handle unpredictably large things
for me that was the form of scams
the next
is taking the big step forward here
because as a Fleming that wall of Geraardsbergen victory maybe
not
The Italian is struggling with the same problem that will be a dream
the parties
ten times a year
when the riders came by, the bells of the church rang
this is in stark contrast
from the other days
didulica who is not cycling and justine henin
the whole union i have my ex
and simon that
cycling
has an incredibly beautiful growth for members
but unfortunately this has of course also been the case in recent years
finds it first on sunday
I am not waiting to get rid of the arrival
I don't have to do that
and proved to me enough that I don't want to wait for a busy job
also find on course not on a return of basel
you can be a bit uncomfortable now if I have to comment later
deliver in which possibly the boys were at the start
they are men of a generation that has passed
the generation that has been adapted
and I don't think it's possible
to play it out with the young people of the new generation of whom we
at least hope one
that is going in a different way